[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Ricardo González,
author and researcher from Peru
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with
an extraterrestrial species
called the Apunians.
Today, we are talking
about wars of the gods.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: Ricardo,
ancient cultures
worldwide describe various
types of stories of gods at war.
Now, is this merely mythology
or folklore, or is there
something more to it?
>>GONZALEZ: Of course
there are many stories
that bring together the
worlds' folklore and myths
about the wars of the gods.
But not everything from the past
is myth, tale, or symbolism.
After traveling to different
parts of the world,
I'm convinced that there's
a secret behind these myths.
I carried out this research
with the suggestions
of the extraterrestrial beings
who are in contact with me.
In their messages,
these beings were
very insistent in telling
me, it is important
that you understand your past.
Everything that has happened
throughout human history,
from the beginning of
recorded history, where beings
from other worlds,
following their own agendas,
having confrontations or
disputes among themselves,
and human beings in the
middle of that chess game.
So yes, there is more to it
than just myths and legends
about the wars of the gods.
The question is, why the war?
Why did those so-called
gods clash with each other?
>>EMERY: Do we see any
evidence of these wars depicted
in ancient or religious texts?
>>GONZALEZ: The first time I
heard about this war of beings
from heaven was through the
Peruvian shamanic traditions
that I mentioned before.
But later, I discovered these
same accounts in the Bible
itself.
As you know, in Latin
America, the Catholic religion
is very predominant.
And I went to a
Catholic high school,
where we would read the
Bible and find accounts
of angels in chariots of fire.
And then I wondered
if these angels
could be something else--
and their different functions
and roles in the Bible
accounts.
But this was just
the beginning because
with extraterrestrial
contact, I started
researching other
cultures around the world,
like Sumer, Egypt, or India.
In fact, what struck me the
most were the ancient texts
in India, where the gods seemed
to clash in flying vehicles.
I could mention an ancient
text, such as the Ramayana, that
speaks of the vimanas, flying
vehicles used by the gods,
and other very interesting
stories in another text
called, Mahabharat.
Mahabharat means, not by
chance, The Great War.
So I wondered, why in so
many parts of the world,
and so many ancient
cultures, there's
talk of gods who use
vehicles to move about, who
clash with each other.
And apparently, human
beings are in the middle
of that conflagration, with very
complex and shocking accounts
where a faction or
segment of those gods
presented themselves as the
creators of human beings,
or as our parents.
And others viewed
us with skepticism.
And if they could thwart
our progress, they would.
I asked the beings who were
in communication with me
about all this, in order
to help me understand what
I was finding in my research.
And they confirmed
that this had been
the case, that different groups
of extraterrestrial origin
were involved in our
reality a long time ago.
They tried to foster the
rise of our civilization,
so that through
human civilization,
they could also learn.
That's why they tried to sow
knowledge, culture, to see what
would happen to their children,
their descendants, who
would be us.
But the very close
presence of these beings
generated dependencies, a very
dangerous bond of dependence
between humans and these,
quote unquote, "gods."
Then, apparently, there were
power struggles, as I said,
among these beings
from other worlds
who believed in us,
who saw our potential
to develop into a new
civilization of hope
for the universe, after having
overcome so many problems
and experiences.
And as I said, the other
position that said,
no, human beings are
potentially dangerous.
And even, at a future
time, they could threaten
the hegemony of the universe.
For example, just by
examining the accounts
of Egypt and Sumer, we find
that duality of the gods.
In the case of Sumer, we find
it with the sibling gods,
Enlil and Enki, and in
the case of ancient Egypt,
the case of the other
brothers, Osiris and Set, who
represented, in some
way, a great battle
that occurred in Orion.
This information about the
Great War in Orion, which
sounds like science fiction--
I must clarify that
this is not described
in the ancient texts of Egypt.
This is information that comes
from our contact experience,
which I know has resonated a lot
because quite a few people are
talking about this now.
But this comes
from a message that
was received from extraordinary
experiences lived in Latin
America with these beings.
What is absolutely true
is that Osiris represents,
for the ancient Egyptian
culture, Orion, and also
a very curious fact, that the
three pyramids of the Giza
Plateau, like some
research, like
that done by Robert Bauval--
and those three pyramids
that amaze us on that Plateau
are actually pointing
to Orion's belt.
The unsettling part, Emery,
as you will remember,
of this research that turned
the world upside down, which
is a topic of debate in
conventional archaeology,
is that the pyramids were
aligned with those stars
about 12,000 years ago.
That is an impossible
timeline because the pyramids
were built much later, around
2,600 years before Christ.
Perhaps they were built
in the era indicated
by our conventional history.
But they wanted to point out a
date, about 12,000 years ago,
marking the stars in Orion.
What does this have to do with
the conflagration of the gods?
According to the information
and our contact experience,
the last Great War
broke out in Orion.
And it was 10,500
years before Christ.
That is on the same date
as the pyramids would
be pointing to Orion's
belt. And seeing
the similarities between
the gods of Egypt
and those of Sumer, and
other accounts and myths
of the ancient world,
I think there's
something we have
not yet understood,
beyond the haze of history.
>>EMERY: Now, you mentioned
the Bible, the Vedas, Egypt.
Do we know who these beings are?
>>GONZALEZ: Well, I could
mention many other sources.
I just used a few
classic examples
so that the audience could
understand and research.
But trying to understand
who would have been involved
in these events, beings
of cosmic origin,
here we would be entering
into a more complex scenario
because not everything
has to do with Orion.
Ancient traditions also
speak of the Pleiades stars,
where beings from other
worlds acted erroneously
in our history.
You will remember in an old
interview that we had together,
Emery, when we
discussed the mysteries
of Mount Hermon in
Israel, according
to the ancient book
of Enoch, 200 beings
from heaven, angels
or extraterrestrials,
however you want to interpret
it, descended on that mountain.
They broke from their
roles as guardians
who had to protect us.
And they coupled sexually
with the women of the Earth,
producing a race of
Giants that would later
go to war with humans--
thus, this in that
interview with you.
Well, these angels
who descended were
nothing more than cosmonauts.
They were associated
with the Pleiades stars.
So it is very
difficult to pin down
the origin of beings
from other worlds acting
in a hostile way in our reality.
I would add another concept for
the people who are watching us
because often when
talking about contact
with extraterrestrial
civilizations,
people want to label each
of these civilizations.
This happens in many new
age circles in particular,
where they say,
the beings of Orion
have these characteristics.
Those from Pleiades have these
characteristics, and so on,
with different sectors
of the universe.
But that's ridiculous.
For example, in
the case of Orion,
we are talking about
a constellation,
a grouping of stars under a
preconceived order of hours.
But these stars
are separated from
each other by several
light-years distance.
And they have different
planetary systems.
So it's not correct
to say that those
from Orion or Pleiades
or another star system
are like this or like that.
So with that clarification,
what I should highlight
is that in the star system
that humans call Orion,
something extraordinarily
historic happened.
And it has affected
our history not only
symbolically, but
literally verbatim,
from beings who came
from this star system
from different worlds,
from different stars
in this stellar system.
And they came to Earth.
And they acted here, and
not always in the right way.
I think the ancient
Egyptians knew this.
I'm even convinced
of something more,
that the Great Pyramid was
built on an ancient vortex
on the Giza Plateau.
In other words, the pyramid
is not so important.
But the place where
it was built is.
Obviously, the pyramid has
its architectural magic,
mathematics, engineering.
But is clear that
it was not just
built to be a tomb of a pharaoh.
In other interviews
here at Gaia,
I've given my opinion
about the Great Pyramid.
To me, it's a time machine built
on a vortex that is connected
to this story of Orion.
>>EMERY: What evidence on
Earth is there to give us
clues about these wars?
>>GONZALEZ: It is
extremely difficult
to obtain uncontested evidence
about this ancient war.
From a historical and
rational point of view,
we can only cling
to legends, myths,
and ancient texts because it
cannot be a coincidence that
different cultures and
traditions all over the world
talk about exactly
the same thing,
telling precisely stories of the
conflagration of entities from
the sky, as if we humans were
part of some kind of cosmic
plan.
On the other hand, the
evidence we're also looking for
stray from our
scientific methods.
And we have to explore
them through contact.
And in the contact
realm is where we
have obtained more information.
And the account of
the extraterrestrials
does not seem to be a delirium
because the information matches
that of other contact
witnesses across the world.
I could even add something more.
I would note that this
is very controversial.
According to the
message of these beings,
the story of The
War of the Gods,
of the distinct positioning
of different extraterrestrial
civilizations, of the appearance
of human life on Earth,
our purpose and our path to the
future, and this connection we
have with ancient
extraterrestrial
civilizations--
all that information is in us.
According to the messages
we have received,
it's not only in our genetics,
but also in our being.
So when someone
hears this story,
even though it sounds like a
schizophrenic, crazy story,
they feel a strange connection,
like it sounds familiar,
like they want to know more.
The person feels linked
to this information.
And that's very interesting.
>>EMERY: You say we have
extraterrestrial genetics
in us.
We are warring
constantly here on Earth.
Now, in space, is there
a connection there?
>>GONZALEZ: I think there
are two types of connections,
Emery.
One could be genetic
because if in our genes
we have information about
extraterrestrial beings,
very advanced civilizations
that preceded us,
civilizations that were
very technological and
militaristic--
a pattern for colonizing
worlds and advancing in space.
It is likely that, as their
presumed descendants, if we
have a part of extraterrestrial
genetics in us, perhaps
this may be the reason
why we behave similarly
to these beings.
But there is a
second explanation
that worries me even more,
a connection even more
powerful than genetics.
Regardless of whether we
have a war gene in us that
was sown by
extraterrestrial beings,
to see what the human
species would do with that,
or if we could overcome
it, modifying our behavior,
and with that, delivering
new information
to the universe-- there is
a nonphysical connection,
as if through invisible
forms, we were connected
to events occurring in
space, in the universe--
generates some kind of influence
on our affairs, and vise versa.
There's a very interesting
term in the Bible,
all that is bound or
unleashed on Earth
shall be bound and
unleashed in the heavens.
According to the messages of
these beings from other worlds,
we have been assured that when
certain cosmic events occur,
it can influence our decisions
and behavior on Earth.
Even when some
anomalies in energy
occur in our reality
on the planet,
it usually coincides
with events of warfare,
serious geopolitical situations.
I don't want to get into
crazy conspiracy theories.
But I must say that many of
the intense events on Earth,
of all kinds, usually coincide
with these manifestations
of energy.
Some scientists
have come to think,
especially some from
the Russian Federation,
that according to
our sun's behavior,
there were big
changes on the planet,
not only in the weather, but
also in the very mental climate
of human beings.
If we take this
to a cosmic scale,
with civilizations and beings
that are connected to us,
I wonder if anything
that we decide or do
affects us holistically.
This part of the
struggle of forces
is what interests me the most
because this confrontation,
it seems, doesn't just
happen in the universe.
But it is happening
within ourselves.
When I asked Ivica and
Antarel, the beings who
are in contact with me, what
is the message of these wars
of the gods and everything
that's happening now
on the planet,
they answered, you
are living a war of time,
with multiple possibilities
for what you would
call, the future,
with different civilizations
that are watching us,
who, as I said, have different
opinions of the human species.
The human species is
completely permeable to what
happens in the universe.
As if we were a sponge, Emery,
we are absorbing many things.
So Ivica and Antarel
assured me that if we
find an inner balance in
the middle of these changes
with very scrambled
timelines, and echoes
of that ancient war of
the gods still here,
we will find balance and peace.
That would be the message,
finding peace and balance
in the midst of
confrontation because what
is peace for the universe?
Peace is the absence of conflict
in this world, in other worlds,
but starting from
within ourselves.
>>EMERY: You speak
of these messages
that have been coming
here for 50 years
from the extraterrestrials.
Now, what can you tell us
about that cosmic plan?
>>GONZALEZ: I think it is time
to delve into this information.
Since the beginning of
the modern era of UFOs,
as we all remember,
in the middle
of the 1940's, those news
sightings were for a reason--
our atomic nuclear
experiments, for example,
the Trinity experiment of 1945.
In fact, the first contactees
from the United States,
like the controversial
case of George Adamski,
they asserted that the
extraterrestrials who
contacted them
acted because they
were concerned
about what we were
doing with our new weapons.
To this day, messages
such as these continue.
So different contactees
from the United States,
Europe, and also Latin America,
were receiving messages
with great concern from
the extraterrestrials
for our behavior, as
if they wanted humans
not to repeat bad situations
that have already occurred
elsewhere in the universe.
There were even some researchers
in the United States,
like Dr. Hurtak, who already,
at the beginning of the 1970's,
spoke of the importance of
Orion and the events that
occurred on Earth.
According to the
information we obtained
from different contactees
in Latin America dating back
several decades in
Peru, the purpose
of finding humans
here on Earth is
to find a new form of evolution,
different from the one faced
by extraterrestrial
civilizations that preceded us.
Like I said minutes ago,
they were very technological,
militaristic, rational.
And little by little, those
supposed technological advances
were causing a disconnection
within themselves.
I mean, they lost touch
with their sensitivity,
as if they became more
mechanical, Emery.
They were losing their
connection with their emotions,
with other things that
make us radiant beings.
Not everything should go
solely and exclusively
through knowledge, intellect,
technology, and those
advancements.
That's why humans are here.
It's a cosmic plan,
designed, according
to what these messages say,
by the most evolved minds
in this part of the universe.
So those world
schools like Earth
may harbor a species
that is like a synthesis
of the universe, with
its lights and shadows.
That's why we would have in
our genetics, as I already
mentioned, the legacy
of Orion, which
drives us to be
very intellectual,
greatly embracing technology.
And there's nothing
wrong with technology.
But if we only concentrate on
that scientific development
and we lose touch
with the essence,
old patterns in the
cosmos will be repeated.
If, on the other
hand, Emery, we humans
who are in this world school
opt for other ways of evolution,
using science merely as a
tool, without losing touch
with our beings, we are going
to be more conscious beings.
And we will stop
fighting among ourselves.
And there will be no
more polarization,
at least as we understand
it with our human perception
because on higher planes,
polarization should not exist.
It is something very different.
But for now, we are
living in this reality.
That would be the
essence of what
is called the cosmic
plan, that a new species,
such as the human race,
through love, consciousness,
recognizing that we
are part of a very
complex history in the universe,
opt for the middle way,
and become transformed
into a teaching
even for the beings
who have preceded us.
Fulfilling that saying, there
is no being, no matter how wise,
who has nothing to learn.
And there is no being, no
matter how humble and small,
who has nothing to teach.
And that is what is happening to
us humans on this blue planet.
>>EMERY: Are the wars of the
gods still going on today?
>>GONZALEZ: I'm unsure how
to answer this question.
It's not a simple yes or no.
On one hand, these
clashes between
extraterrestrial
civilizations are not
happening, at least in
our location, at least
with the intensity that
they have happened before.
According to the
information we have,
some of these civilizations
that in the past
clashed, due to differences
of opinion, currently
have a type of non-aggression
pact, holding their positions
and observing what happens
in worlds like Earth.
But that doesn't
mean the war is over.
It is happening
in other aspects,
in subtle and energetic
aspects, in infiltrations,
the list goes on and on.
It is still happening.
I would dare to
say to you, Emery,
although this sounds
so, so strange,
that this
confrontation of forces
nowadays is more
psychic than physical,
where human beings are in
the middle of the situation.
In fact, going back
to my description
of the shamanic
circles which remind
me so much of the experiences
that we extraterrestrial
contact witnesses have
had, shaman elders
assure us that there
are many forces
unknown to human beings who
try to influence and affect
our lives.
But none of these forces,
according to the shaman elders,
can do whatever they want with
us if we do not first allow it.
It is amazing.
But we are in control
if we want to be.
The thing is, that control,
finding that center,
is based in consciousness.
And many humans on this
planet, we live like zombies,
like robots, totally
asleep, clinging to fear.
And fear is not consciousness.
Fear does not lead you
to other ideal moments
of evolution and peace.
That's why for me,
it is very important
to analyze the confrontation
of the ancient gods
because this war of time
somehow goes on within us.
But this cosmic plan that
I mentioned, what it seeks
is for us to find the glimmer
of light in the darkness,
as if it were a question
of correcting past events.
And through it, we
gain redemption.
>>EMERY: That was
very amazing, Ricardo.
Thank you for sharing.
And thanks for
being on the show.
>>GONZALEZ: Thank
you, my friend.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic
Disclosure," until next time.
>>NARRATOR: Next, on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: In these
beings' messages,
we were, above all,
a conscious energy
living a human experience.
The journey of the
soul, in its human life,
can be full of
difficult circumstances.
But the extraterrestrials
say that it
is good for that to happen,
to learn appropriately.
According to the
extraterrestrials,
human beings are in the
middle of many influences.
They know they can control
us or affect us through fear.
We are like a
sailboat, dear Emery.
And we have to let ourselves
be guided by the right winds.
[THEME MUSIC]